refactor: switch emails to @ipfs.tech (#142)
ipfs/ipfs-website: content/help.md

* **General questions and discussions**: Use the [official IPFS discussion forums](https://discuss.ipfs.tech) or [chat on Matrix](https://docs.ipfs.tech/community/#chat).
* **IPFS-related community announcements**: If you'd like to announce something to the IPFS community at large, use the [official IPFS discussion forums](https://discuss.ipfs.tech); we monitor the forums for things to include in the weekly IPFS newsletter! You can also inform people via [Matrix](https://docs.ipfs.tech/community/#chat) and the [other venues](#other-venues) listed below.
* **Bugs and feature proposals**: IPFS-codebase-related bugs and feature proposals can be reported directly in their repositories (most are in the [IPFS](https://github.com/ipfs) and [IPFS Shipyard](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard) GitHub orgs), for example [Kubo](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo) or [js-ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs). If you're not sure where the best place to report a bug or request a feature is, ask in the [forums](https://discuss.ipfs.tech) and someone will point you in the right direction.

> * **Support for libp2p**: Questions specific to libp2p should use the [libp2p forums](https://discuss.libp2p.i

Author: ```suggestion
* **Support for libp2p**: Questions specific to libp2p should use the [libp2p forums](https://discuss.libp2p.io) for faster results.
```

> * **Reporting security issues**: To report [security issues](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issues), please email <a href="mailto:security@ipfs.io">security@ipfs.io</a>.
> * **Reporting abuse**: To report [abuse](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md), please email <a href="mailto:abuse@ipfs.io">abuse@ipfs.io</a>.
> * **Something else not listed here?** Ask in the [official IPFS discussion forums](https://discuss.ipfs.tech).

Author: ```suggestion
* **Reporting security issues**: To report [security issues](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issues), please email <a href="mailto:security@ipfs.tech">security@ipfs.tech</a>.
* **Reporting abuse**: To report [abuse](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md), please email <a href="mailto:abuse@ipfs.tech">abuse@ipfs.tech</a>.
* **Something else not listed here?** Ask in the [official IPFS discussion forums](https://discuss.ipfs.tech).
```
